Wife
I didn't expect my wife to be so capable
Pay attention to your body.
Ouch.
You're a strong woman, huh?
Don't touch my forehead
Ok ok
Wife
You really work while you sleep
Of course, this collaboration is crucial
Of course you have to take it seriously
What time is it now?
12 o'clock, let's go eat
How to get there at 12 o'clock?
If you come back, the group cooperation can't catch up.
Go, go, come with me
Am I going too?
Of course you are my husband
Of course you're going to add me to the company
It seems that Wanting is afraid that I will ignore it at home
Worried about being inspected in the future
Give me some of the work
Okay, wife, you said go, hurry up
Go you go
We are meeting today with the president of Huanying Group
George
It is said that he can achieve such a big return industry
In the early years, I got many dreams of tomorrow
George
Shopkeeper Shopkeeper please save me
My bed can't fail either
If one day I succeed
I will never forget the kindness of the owner
Thanks for the advice
Hmph, it's him